uh another song that everybody loves uh
nine to five
and you talk about that song just came
out of being very
bored on on set well actually i
i wouldn't say being very bored it's
just there i was bored
always in between because they have so
much time between setups with lighting
and you just
sit around and what are you going to do
you can't really get you know
into a good book or anything because you
don't know when they're going to call
you
so on the set i would watch everybody
because this was all about women in the
workplace
and part of my deal with jane fonda if i
was in the movie that i would get a
chance to write
the theme song so i didn't have a chance
to get my guitar go back to the trailer
all the time so i would just kind of
roam around on the set
watching everything that was going on
and i would take my nails
because then with acrylic nails it makes
like a percussive sound can you hear
that yeah yeah yeah but anyway it
sounded like a typewriter too so i just
started to
write little words and things that i
would see and things i would think that
would fit with that
day-to-day nine-to-five job getting up
and drinking your coffee stumbling to
the kitchen and all
so then i'd go back at night into my
hotel room
and then put those things down but i did
that over a period of time and after we
recorded the song i brought all the
girls down that was on the show
and i played my nails so i have a credit
on the back of the album that says
nails by dolly by golly
to play the guitar so well with those
nails
well pretty good
actually i've learned to do it i really
when i'm serious about my songwriting
i take these off and follow them down
and you know really right
but i've learned to work them with these
work great as pics there's no problem
with this then
but these are the ones i have a problem
but i've learned to to do open tuning
mostly for the when i'm writing and
stuff but if i'm really serious about it
i just have to saw him down
well lovely to see you where are you
dolly well i
am in nashville in my little studio
where i work a lot of my things and
especially now that we're all uh kind of
confined to little
areas so we have a little studio set up
and so we're just broadcasting
right around home okay but you are now
slowly
uh emerging from lockdown am i right in
thinking dollywood has reopened has it
it did actually we've been in business
now for a few months and we're doing
really well of course we're not as up to
speed
as when you were there last time but
we're doing good and we've got our fall
season and our christmas season coming
up so we're
we're doing well we're happy about that
and
anyone worrying about christmas 2020
i'm here to tell you dolly parton has
saved
christmas 2020. uh because uh you've got
a new
album is this not true i do and it's
called a
holly dolly christmas
see christmas safe
but we have a lot of really wonderful
things that some classic country
uh classic christmas songs like uh i saw
mommy kissing santa claus holly jolly
christmas and of course i wrote a few
new songs
we just got a lot of wonderful people on
it it's a fun
album and i just figured we'd all be
closed in more
this year than ever for christmas so i
wanted to do something special
oh thank you and i believe you're going
to be back closer to christmas with a
very special
uh seasonal performance for us is that
right yes i got something special
for you a surprise uh dolly parton i
love you the christmas album is out now
the book is out on the 17th of november
and uh we'll see you closer to christmas
for a special
uh performance uh good night yes you
will thank you so much
you